c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\PROT-SlimGIS-MapKit-WebApi.dll.config
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\PROT-SlimGIS-MapKit-WebApi.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\PROT-SlimGIS-MapKit-WebApi.pdb
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\SGMapKit.Core.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\SGMapKit.WebApi.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.xml
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.xml
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\obj\Debug\geovisual.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\obj\Debug\geovisual.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\obj\Debug\geovisual.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\obj\Debug\PROT-SlimGIS-MapKit-WebApi.dll
c:\users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\obj\Debug\PROT-SlimGIS-MapKit-WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Couchbase.NetClient.dll
C:\Users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\GeoJSON.Net.dll
C:\Users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\OpenTracing.Signed.dll
C:\Users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\tbrau\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\geovisual\geovisual\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
